# op

`op` is a command-line interface (CLI) tool that helps you manage and navigate your frequently used paths and commands efficiently. With `op`, you can save paths, set up different workspaces for various devices, sync configurations across devices, and more.

> This readme is automatically generated by [create-ink-app](https://github.com/vadimdemedes/create-ink-app)

## Installation
To install `op`, use npm:
```bash
npm install --g op-ez
```

## Usage

### 1. Show List of Saved Paths
To see a list of all saved paths, simply run:

```
op
```

### 2. Run Commands in the Current Directory
To see the list of commands that can be run in the current directory, use:

```
op .
```

### 3. Save a Path
To save a new path, use the save command followed by the path you want to save:
```
op save <path>
```
You'll be prompted to provide an alias for the path. The default alias is the current path (.).

### 4. Open Configuration File
To open and edit the configuration file in the default text editor, use:
```
op config
```

### 5. Sync Configuration
To sync across all devices, use:
```
op sync
```

### 6. Login
To log in to your account, use:
```
op login
```


### 7. Setup Workspaces
To set up or select a workspace for your current environment, use:
```bash
op setup
```
You can create or switch between workspaces, each containing different paths and commands.



### Others

```
op --help
op -v
```

## Configuration
`op` uses a JSON configuration file that looks like this:
```json
{
    "localConfig": {
        "currentWorkspace": "Home Windows Laptop"
    },
    "config": {
        "username": "Rifat",
        "workspaces": {
            "Home Windows Laptop": "win32"
        },
        "commands": {
            "Home Windows Laptop": {
                "code": "code #",
                "explorer": "ii #",
                "ls": "ls"
            }
        },
        "savedPaths": {
            "Home Windows Laptop": {
                "Bomba": "home/Works/bomba",
                "Workbench": "home/Works/Common-Workbench",
                "EkhonTV": "home/Works/ekhontv-mono",
                "Leetcode": "home/Works/Leetcode",
                "LOCO": "home/Works/loco-mono",
            }
        }
    }
}

```


## Features

- **Save and Manage Paths**: Easily save any directory path and associate it with an alias for quick access.
- **Run Commands in Saved Paths**: Execute predefined commands in any saved path or the current directory.
- **Configurable Workspaces**: Set up different workspaces for different devices or environments.
- **Sync Configuration**: Sync your configuration across multiple devices after logging in.
- **User Login**: Secure your settings and sync across devices using a login feature.

## License
Licensed under the  [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)